---
title:  临时存放
date:   2016-08-10 22:22
---

# Moral

### China is loud

People in china talk loudly. Many high power speakers are placed in front of the shops, playing advertisements at maximum. Meanwhile, we can say China is lively. Every night, any area of public space that isn't a road is filled with dancing women, ages 40-90 twisting and shaking to upbeat music. One of a lively aspects of China, although it does make the place even louder.
In traditional Chinese culture, people like the excitement. When people get married, we play the Suona, gongs and drums, firecrackers. This scene makes people feel /*vibrant and thriving*/换个词，这个太难记/.

> People in UK like quiet. Probably because the individualism.  They want to have some private spaces and they don’t want to be disturbed.

### Individualism of worth

In UK, the thought about self is very deep-rooted, and omnipresent. Social advocate individualism. People in UK emphasize individual freedom. They don’t want to be limited by outside. While in Chinese culture, we often emphasize the belief that ‘The collective interests are much higher than individual interest’.

> In the UK, individualism has a long history, it appeared in the 13th century, or even earlier. While in China, Confucianism emphasizes collective interests, especially the family, national interests, and denies individual interests.

### Credibility and integrity

In Sainsbury’s, there are self service checkouts. These seldom appear in China.

> China is developing and we need time to establish the integrity of the society.

### Some Chinese think they can do anything they want because they have money.

> Since the reform and opening up, China's development began to focus on the economy more and more, the national economy were in a very important position. When government considering the policies, they regarded the economy a top priority. This affects people's values in a subtle way, causing some people think that the can do everything as long as they have money, they can disobey the rules, they can go beyond the moral. But unfortunately, in China, sometimes they really did it.

<div class="divider"></div>

# Dorm

### Rules and regulations apply differently between local students and foreign students.

Local students must abide by many rules (such as no power after a certain time, or no people of another gender in your dorm). For foreign students, these rules are almost totally ignored and most rules that exist are not enforced. This may seem crazy but it usually works out. The foreign students in china come from all over the world, not just Europe or USA as some might expect. There are many cultures represented and each one has different practices.

> In China, international students is minority. And these international students are from different countries, different nationalities. Therefore, in order to avoid customs inconvenience, we deal with international students not so strict.

### It may be hard to meet local students for foreign students.

Many foreigners who go to China to study have trouble meeting local students who really want to hang out with them. There are several reasons; cultural differences, language differences, work life differences etc. Some foreign friends in China complained to me that they only met Chinese people who wanted to learn English from them. 


Usually not allowed to use anything that worked higher than 200 watts. The room is shared by four or more students. There is no private space. Normally we can't go to bed at the same time and when someone intend to take a little nap while others are watching movie, chatting, reading. Besides these disadvantages, living in this kind of dorm also has some benefits. The boarding fee is about 100£ a year and is really cheap. These dorms are close to all the facilities and building in the campus, so it's very convenient to go to the library, classroom, which save a lot of time for all.

> The density of population in China’s universities is much higher than it in UK.
